# 131. Palindrome Partitioning

## Problem Description

Given a string `s`, partition `s` such that every substring of the partition is a palindrome. Return all possible palindrome partitioning of `s`.

### Examples

**Example 1:**

Input: `s = "aab"`  
Output: `[["a","a","b"],["aa","b"]]`

**Example 2:**

Input: `s = "a"`  
Output: `[["a"]]`

### Constraints:

- 1 <= s.length <= 16
- s contains only lowercase English letters.

## Solution

```python
class Solution:
  def partition(self, s: str) -> List[List[str]]:
    ans = []

    def isPalindrome(s: str) -> bool:
      return s == s[::-1]

    def dfs(s: str, j: int, path: List[str], ans: List[List[str]]) -> None:
      if j == len(s):
        ans.append(path)
        return

      for i in range(j, len(s)):
        if isPalindrome(s[j: i + 1]):
          dfs(s, i + 1, path + [s[j: i + 1]], ans)

    dfs(s, 0, [], ans)
    return ans
```


<h2>Time Complexity</h2>
The time complexity of this solution is O (n • 2^n), where n is the length of the string *s'. This complexity arises <br>because for each character, we have two choices: either to start a new partition or not, leading to 2" possible partitions. Checking if a substring is a palindrome takes O (n) time, resulting in the overall complexity of On • 2").<br>

<h2>space complexity</h2>
The space complexity is On • 2") as well, due to the storage required for storing all possible partitions in the answer <br>list *ans*. Additionally, the recursive stack can go as deep as On).<br>

<h2>Explanation</h2>
1. isPalindrome Function: This helper function checks if a given substring is a palindrome by comparing it with its reverse.<br>
2. dfs Function: This function uses depth-first search to explore all possible partitions of the string.<br>
• It starts from index j' and tries to partition the string from there.<br>
• For each substring *s[j:i+1]', it checks if it is a palindrome.<br>
• If it is, it recurses by calling dfs from the next index *i+1' and adds the current substring to the path.<br>