# Problem 20: Valid Parentheses

Given a string s containing just the characters '(', ')', '{', '}', '[' and ']', determine if the input string is valid.

An input string is valid if:
- Open brackets must be closed by the same type of brackets.
- Open brackets must be closed in the correct order.
- Every close bracket has a corresponding open bracket of the same type.

## Solution

```python
class Solution:
  def isValid(self, s: str) -> bool:
    stack = []

    for c in s:
      if c == '(':
        stack.append(')')
      elif c == '{':
        stack.append('}')
      elif c == '[':
        stack.append(']')
      elif not stack or stack.pop() != c:
        return False

    return not stack
```
<h2>Time Complexity</h2>

The time complexity of this solution is O(n), where n is the length of the input string s.<br> The algorithm iterates through each character in the string once.

<h2>Space Complexity</h2>

The space complexity of this solution is O(n), where n is the length of the input string s.<br>In the worst-case scenario, the stack could contain all opening brackets, requiring O(n) space.

<h2>Explanation</h2>

=>We use a stack to keep track of the opening brackets.<br>
=>For each character c in the input string s:<br>
If c is an opening bracket ('(', '{', '['), we push the corresponding closing bracket onto the stack.<br>
If c is a closing bracket:<br>
If the stack is empty or the top of the stack does not match c, we return False as the brackets are not valid.<br>
Otherwise, we pop the top of the stack, which should be the matching opening bracket.<br>
After processing all characters, if the stack is empty, it means all brackets were matched and the string is valid.<br>Otherwise, there are unmatched brackets, so we return False.