# Majority Element II

Given an integer array of size `n`, find all elements that appear more than ⌊ n/3 ⌋ times.

### Examples

**Example 1:**

Input: `nums = [3,2,3]`  
Output: `[3]`

**Example 2:**

Input: `nums = [1]`  
Output: `[1]`

**Example 3:**

Input: `nums = [1,2]`  
Output: `[1,2]`

## Solution

```python
class Solution:
    def majorityElement(self, nums: List[int]) -> List[int]:
        ans1 = 0
        ans2 = 1
        count1 = 0
        count2 = 0

        for num in nums:
            if num == ans1:
                count1 += 1
            elif num == ans2:
                count2 += 1
            elif count1 == 0:
                ans1 = num
                count1 = 1
            elif count2 == 0:
                ans2 = num
                count2 = 1
            else:
                count1 -= 1
                count2 -= 1

        return [ans for ans in (ans1, ans2) if nums.count(ans) > len(nums) // 3]
```
<h2>Time Complexity</h2>

The time complexity of this solution is O(n), where n is the number of elements in the nums array. This is because the algorithm iterates through the array a constant number of times.

<h2>Space Complexity</h2>

The space complexity of this solution is O(1). This is because the algorithm uses a fixed amount of extra space for variables and does not require additional space that grows with the input size.

<h2>Explanation</h2>

The solution uses the Boyer-Moore Voting Algorithm, which is a linear time majority vote algorithm. The idea is to maintain two potential candidates for the majority element (ans1 and ans2) and their respective counts (count1 and count2).<br>

Initialize two candidate elements and their counts.<br>
Iterate through the array and update the candidates and counts:<br>
If the current element matches one of the candidates, increment the respective count.<br>
If the current element does not match either candidate, decrement both counts. If a count reaches zero, replace the <br>candidate with the current element and reset the count.<br>
After processing all elements, verify that the candidates appear more than ⌊ n/3 ⌋ times in the array.<br>
Return the verified candidates as the result.