# Problem 2707: Extra Characters in a String
You are given a 0-indexed string `s` and a dictionary of words `dictionary`. Your task is to break `s` into one or more non-overlapping substrings such that each substring is present in the `dictionary`. There may be some extra characters in `s` that are not part of any substrings. 

You need to return the **minimum number of extra characters** left over if you break up `s` optimally.

### Example 1
**Input**:  
`s = "leetscode"`  
`dictionary = ["leet", "code", "leetcode"]`  

**Output**:  
`1`

**Explanation**:  
We can break `s` into two substrings: `"leet"` from index 0 to 3 and `"code"` from index 5 to 8.  
There is only 1 unused character (at index 4), so the answer is 1.

### Example 2

**Input**:  
`s = "sayhelloworld"`  
`dictionary = ["hello", "world"]`  

**Output**:  
`3`

**Explanation**:  
We can break `s` into two substrings: `"hello"` from index 3 to 7 and `"world"` from index 8 to 12.  
The characters at indices 0, 1, and 2 are not used in any substring and are considered extra characters.  
Hence, the answer is 3.

### Constraints

- `1 <= s.length <= 50`
- `1 <= dictionary.length <= 50`
- `1 <= dictionary[i].length <= 50`
- `dictionary[i]` and `s` consist of only lowercase English letters.
- `dictionary` contains distinct words.

## Solution

```python
class Solution:
  def minExtraChar(self, s: str, dictionary: list[str]) -> int:
    n = len(s)
    dictionarySet = set(dictionary)
    dp = [0] + [n] * n
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
      for j in range(i):
        if s[j:i] in dictionarySet:
          dp[i] = min(dp[i], dp[j])
        else:
          dp[i] = min(dp[i], dp[j] + i - j)
    return dp[n]
```

<h2>Time Complexity</h2>

The outer loop runs for each character in the string s, which has a length of n.
The inner loop iterates over the substring possibilities, which is also bounded by n.
Checking if a substring exists in the dictionary set takes O(1) time on average.
Overall time complexity: O(n^2), where n is the length of the string s.<br>

<h2>Space Complexity</h2>

We use a dynamic programming array dp of size n + 1 to store intermediate results.
The dictionary is stored in a set for efficient lookups.
Overall space complexity: O(n + m), where n is the length of the string s, and m is the size of the dictionary.<br>