# Problem 34: Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

Given an array of integers nums sorted in non-decreasing order, find the starting and ending position of a given target value.

If the target is not found in the array, return [-1, -1].

You must write an algorithm with O(log n) runtime complexity.

## Solution

```python
class Solution:
  def searchRange(self, nums: List[int], target: int) -> List[int]:
    l = bisect_left(nums, target)
    if l == len(nums) or nums[l] != target:
      return -1, -1
    r = bisect_right(nums, target) - 1
    return l, r
```
<h2>Time Complexity</h2>
The time complexity of this solution is O(log n), where n is the number of elements in the array. This is because it uses binary search to find the left and right positions of the target value.

<h2>Space Complexity</h2>

The space complexity of this solution is O(1), as it uses only a constant amount of extra space.



<h2>Explanation</h2>

<h3>1.Finding the Leftmost Position (l):</h3>
We first use the bisect_left(nums, target) function to find the leftmost position of the target value in the array.
If the target is not found (l is equal to the length of nums or nums[l] is not equal to the target), we return [-1, -1] as the target is not present in the array.
<h3>2.Finding the Rightmost Position (r):</h3>
We then use the bisect_right(nums, target) function to find the rightmost position of the target value in the array.
Since bisect_right returns the index to the right of the last occurrence, we subtract 1 to get the actual rightmost position.
<h3>3.Returning the Result:</h3>
Finally, we return the leftmost (l) and rightmost (r) positions as a tuple (l, r).