# Problem 35: Search Insert Position

Given a sorted array of distinct integers and a target value, return the index if the target is found. If not, return the index where it would be if it were inserted in order.

You must write an algorithm with O(log n) runtime complexity.

## Solution

```python
class Solution:
  def searchInsert(self, nums: List[int], target: int) -> int:
    l = 0
    r = len(nums)

    while l < r:
      m = (l + r) // 2
      if nums[m] == target:
        return m
      if nums[m] < target:
        l = m + 1
      else:
        r = m

    return l
```
<h2>Time Complexity</h2>

The time complexity of this solution is O(log n), where n is the number of elements in the array. This is because it uses binary search to find the position of the target value or the position where the target would be inserted.

<h2>Space Complexity</h2>

The space complexity of this solution is O(1), as it uses only a constant amount of extra space.

<h2>Explanation</h2>

=> I used binary search algorithm  find the index where the target value should be inserted into the sorted array.It maintains two pointers, l and r, which represent the left and right 
bounds of the search interval.
=> If the middle element nums[m] is equal to the target, the function returns m.<br>
=> If nums[m] is less than the target, the function updates l to m + 1, narrowing the search interval to the right half.<br>
=> If nums[m] is greater than or equal to the target, the function updates r to m, narrowing the search interval to the left half.<br>
=> The loop continues until l is no longer less than r, at which point l represents the index where the target should be inserted, as all elements to the left of l are less than the 
   target, and all elements to the right of l are greater than or equal to the target.