# Problem 49: Group Anagrams

Given an array of strings `strs`, group the anagrams together. You can return the answer in any order.

An Anagram is a word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of a different word or phrase, typically using all the original letters exactly once.

## Example

Input: `strs = ["eat","tea","tan","ate","nat","bat"]`
Output: `[["bat"],["nat","tan"],["ate","eat","tea"]]`

Input: `strs = [""]`
Output: `[[""]]`

Input: `strs = ["a"]`
Output: `[["a"]]`

## Solution

```python
class Solution:
  def groupAnagrams(self, strs: List[str]) -> List[List[str]]:
    dict = collections.defaultdict(list)

    for str in strs:
      key = ''.join(sorted(str))
      dict[key].append(str)

    return dict.values()
```
<h2>Time Complexity</h2>

The time complexity of this solution is O(n * k * log(k)), where n is the number of strings in strs and k is the maximum length of a string in strs. This is because for each string, we sort its characters, which takes O(k * log(k)) time.

<h2>Space Complexity</h2>

The space complexity of this solution is O(n * k), where n is the number of strings in strs and k is the maximum length of a string in strs. This is because we use a defaultdict to store the grouped anagrams, where the key is the sorted string and the value is a list of anagrams.

<h2>Explanation</h2>

I use a defaultdict to group the anagrams together, where the key is the sorted string and the value is a list of anagrams.<br>
For each string in strs, we sort its characters and use the sorted string as the key to group the anagrams.<br>
Finally, we return the values of the defaultdict, which contain the grouped anagrams