# Problem 860: Lemonade Change

At a lemonade stand, each lemonade costs $5. Customers are standing in a queue to buy from you and order one at a time (in the order specified by bills). Each customer will only buy one lemonade and pay with either a $5, $10, or $20 bill. You must provide the correct change to each customer so that the net transaction is that the customer pays $5.

Note that you do not have any change in hand at first.

Given an integer array `bills` where `bills[i]` is the bill the ith customer pays, return `true` if you can provide every customer with the correct change, or `false` otherwise.

## Examples

### Example 1

**Input:** 
bills = [5, 5, 5, 10, 20]
Output:
True

**Explanation:**

From the first 3 customers, we collect three $5 bills in order.
From the fourth customer, we collect a $10 bill and give back a $5.
From the fifth customer, we give a $10 bill and a $5 bill.
Since all customers got correct change, we output true.

**Example 2**
Input:
bills = [5, 5, 10, 10, 20]

Output:
False

**Explanation:**

From the first two customers in order, we collect two $5 bills.
For the next two customers in order, we collect a $10 bill and give back a $5 bill.
For the last customer, we cannot give the change of $15 back because we only have two $10 bills.
Since not every customer received the correct change, the answer is false.

**Constraints**
1 <= bills.length <= 105
bills[i] is either 5, 10, or 20.

```python
class Solution:
    def lemonadeChange(self, bills: List[int]) -> bool:
        d = {cash: 0 for cash in [5, 10]}
        for bill in bills:
            if bill == 5:
                d[5] += 1
            elif bill == 10:
                if d[5] >= 1:
                    d[5] -= 1
                    d[10] += 1
                else:
                    return False
            else:
                if d[10] >= 1 and d[5] >= 1:
                    d[5] -= 1
                    d[10] -= 1
                elif d[5] >= 3:
                    d[5] -= 3
                else:
                    return False

        return True
```
<h2>Time Complexity</h2>

The time complexity is O(n) where n is the length of the bills list. This is because we iterate through the list once and perform constant-time operations for each bill.<br>

<h2>Space Complexity</h2>

The space complexity is O(1) since we are only using a fixed-size dictionary to store the count of $5 and $10 bills.<br>